doc change for setting up environment in Ubuntu (#3947)
fedora-infra/bodhi: docs/developer/vagrant.rst

    $ sudo systemctl enable libvirtd
    $ sudo systemctl start libvirtd

> If you're on Ubuntu, use this in place of the first command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On distribution using a Debian base like Ubuntu, use this in place of the first command::
```

> 		$ sudo apt install ansible libvirt-dev vagrant-libvirt vagrant-sshfs

Reviewer: The indentation seems a little bit off, I think that it should be 4 spaces to look like the rest of the document
